[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today, on
"Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're joined by Anjali, a former
Pentagon intelligence officer
trained in information
operations and warfare.
Richard Doty also joins us,
a retired counterintelligence
agent who served in
the Air Force Office
of Special Investigations.
Lastly, we have Tim,
a tactical advisor
to covert analysts trying
to understand the missions
and strategies of non-human
intelligences on our planet.
Welcome, everyone.
>> Thank you.
>> Are the world governments
an open or a closed system?
>> Well, my understanding is
that we're in an open system,
and what that means is
that Earth is susceptible
to influence from outside
civilizations that can come
in and affect our
decision making and affect
our civilizations.
>> Yes.
I think it's both.
Because there are
some people, groups,
companies that certainly
are prepared, or at least
have knowledge about an
open-system scenario.
But there are also
groups and departments
associated with governments
that do not even care and fully
function under the presumption
of being in a closed system.
>> So when did this
first open system start?
Was it with the treaties
back in the day?
>> Well, we have a-- we had a
very influential person named
John Lear.
Of course, he passed away, but
John had contacts with ETs.
He talks about
them all the time.
And one of the things that John
reiterated over and over again
is the reason the ETs given
us advanced technology
or given us the ability
to reverse engineer
the ET technology was
preparing us for eventuality
of what's going to happen.
Now, I don't know if he
knew of the future event.
I don't know if he ever
explained it to you,
but he never actually
explained to us,
when he told us about this.
But he said that the
ETs was assisting us
in advanced technology
for that event.
>> And some of the things John
Lear was talking about also was
getting the downloads to build
special craft and special
protection for us on the
planet, if there were something
to happen.
And I think you
mentioned earlier
that there were plans for
us to go amongst the stars.
Could you elaborate?
>> Well, basically, the
situation that we had on this
planet for quite some time
now is a prohibition of going
off-planet.
It comes from the
administration,
as well as from outside forces.
But when we're thinking of
this open-world scenario,
and we know that the government
already has made contact
to certain other
planets, and they
know that there is
sustainable life out there.
There are already plans, indeed,
for sending certain humans
to other planets, where other
humanoid people are living.
Because they have societies
that are not that far away
from the conditions that
we have on this planet.
Yet, they are like
hundreds or thousands
of years of having more
experience and a more
sophisticated, civilized
way of living together.
And that is when the
travel embargo, which
is the term for
it, gets removed,
and it's probably going to
happen again pretty covertly,
so it doesn't spread publicly.
But certain groups
in a larger number
will get the opportunity.
Yes.
>> So who are the plan-makers?
Who gets to go off the planet?
Who's making all
these decisions, Tim?
>> Basically, at this
moment, it's still plans.
So we're still dealing
with the situation
that there is, indeed,
a travel embargo.
But once that get
gets removed, it's
the standard
administrative process
that's going to enable
people for recruitment
and then sending out people to
different Earth-like planets.
>> One of the things that
has been found or discovered
in the last probably 18 months
is a place called Johnston
Island, in the Pacific.
It's west of Hawaii.
There's a lot of activity
occurring on that island.
I know some people have
talked about the secret space
program, talks about
Johnston Island
as having highly
sophisticated spacecrafts that
can travel to the stars.
The director of Skunk Works
mentioned that some years ago,
that we already can
go to the stars.
>> That's right.
He said that.
Yeah.
>> The problem is where are
they keeping these spacecrafts?
Well, Johnston Island
isn't a big island.
It was used for
chemical storage,
chemical weapons storage, way
back in the '50s and '60s.
But there's been a lot of
activity over the last 15 or 20
years in that island.
They built hangars, and they've
actually expanded the island.
And so that could be
one area where they're
hiding the equipment
or the spacecrafts
that we could use
in a deep space
program or the secret space
program to fly to these stars
or fly to these planets
that Tim is talking about,
the inhabited planets.
There's so many sophisticated
propulsion systems
being studied, the
ion propulsion system.
I think some guy
listed 10 or 20 of them
that would have the
ability to travel up
to the speed of light.
And if you combine
what some of the ETs
have given us as far as space
travel, theoretically speaking,
we have the ability
to do that now.
>> Right.
>> We have the ability, the
science to create a craft that
can actually maybe find a
wormhole getting us from A to B
in a faster or
quicker time period.
>> Wasn't it Ben from Skunk
Works who did say publicly,
we have the ability
to take ET home?
>> Yes.
Yes.
He did.
And when he was
confronted with that,
he just said, it's
beyond my ability
to talk about that at this time.
>> I think we're dealing
with both situations.
So we, on the one hand,
we have this planet
that might want to send out
certain missions and groups
in order to have kind
of an exchange program
to explore things.
But on the other
hand, there are indeed
observers and
consciousness and people
that want to continue somewhere
else, in a different plane
of reality of something.
>> Yes.
>> So we're basically
dealing with both situations,
and indeed, there are even ETs
that their whole profession is
collecting these souls and
distributing them to different
other places in the universe.
>> Are governments regularly in
contact with extraterrestrials,
and if so, how do they meet?
>> That's up to the ETs.
Right?
Let's be honest.
They choose the
time and the place.
It can be whenever
they would like.
>> Have they ever told you the
governments that they speak
to, they talk about
that, or countries,
or is it just certain
select individuals,
and how is that arranged?
>> I'd say, along the way, we
had certain species that were
very willing to show and present
themselves to certain groups
within the government.
And I think that
they are an easy deal
to get in contact
with, and there
are established routines
and places in order
to make contact.
And I'd even say that
there is a regular exchange
in information.
>> I can go back to EBE 1.
A lot's been released about
EBE 1, about what he's told us
and how he facilitated
a communications link
between Earth and his plane.
>> Right.
Yeah.
>> And using his communications
device and his energy device,
we didn't know what
we were sending,
and we didn't know what
was being received.
But if it wasn't for him, we
would have been in the dark
the entire time.
But he even had
problems understanding
some of the things that were
being sent from his planet,
and that's another
story in itself.
But I think that crudely
was a way that we were--
our first contact with an
extraterrestrial intelligence,
not just him being here,
but his home planet.
And when he passed away,
we had the energy device
and the communications device.
The problem-- and we were
doing what he told us to do.
But we were getting
information back,
but we couldn't interpret it.
So I think that's
probably the first.
And I've heard and
I've read and I've
spoke to people who will
swear that Eisenhower had made
contact with ET in California,
in a Mojave desert,
out near Fort Irwin, in 1954.
Now, it's all over the internet.
Some of the people that went
to his library will confirm it.
There's some missing logs
and so forth and so on.
So I think that was another
contact we might have had.
What we've had
since then, there's
a lot of rumors about it,
about different relationships
we had with other ET races.
>> We also need to keep in
mind that we are constantly
receiving information from
outside, at all times.
Whether we can understand
and decode and decryptify
them or not, this is on
a different, other field,
but people are receiving
these radio messages.
Think of crop
circles, for example.
All these messages, and we've
done some analysis on them,
and you can clearly see
this is communication
in some way from somewhere.
So basically, there is
communication at all times,
yes.
>> I like how you mentioned the
difficulty in translating what
you're receiving.
Cause even as a
conscious contactee,
I have a difficult time trying
to verbalize what is being--
what I have received
in my download,
what they're trying to say.
And sometimes, I
don't get it right.
I bet I don't get
it right a lot,
a lot more than I probably
know, because humans
are just fallible.
That's just the way it is.
So that's something that we
also have to keep in mind,
that we are dealing
with a phenomena that
communicates in a different
way than these bodies.
These physical
bodies are programmed
to communicate while we're here.
And now they're asking us
to look behind the veil
and begin to
understand the greater
reality of our existence.
And I think it's been
happening for quite some time,
and it's difficult for
humanity to recognize that.
>> There's also this
psychological pattern that
humans can only interpret what
falls into the field of what is
imaginable, what they
can imagine is possible.
So if you compare
that, for example,
to the sound that
certain birds make,
most scientists would say, this
does not qualify as a language.
Because why?
They take the same,
those patterns,
how we define language, and try
to put that onto what birds do.
But if you listen to
birds, even if you're--
you can clearly see they are
communicating in some way.
>> Absolutely.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> And probably in different
frequencies that we may not
even-- may not be audible to us.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> It's unfortunate that the
humans sometimes will hear
the dolphin or the birds,
and that is a language.
It's communication,
but we shouldn't just
judge that just because we
can't understand it yet.
Because in the future, we will.
>> Yes.
Yes.
>> And you know this.
>> And this is not
a one-way street.
We need to understand that
ETs as well have differences
with the way we communicate.
And we see that almost
ridiculously funny things
happened in the beginning,
when contact started,
that ETs made mistakes too.
And everyone on this planet
is shifting and upgrading
its way to communicate.
>> Well, when I was at Area 51,
there was a manual description
of ETs that have
visited Earth now,
and this is in the early '80s.
And according to
this manual, there
were five of them,
five different species.
And one of the things that
was detailed in this manual
was that every single one
of these ETs were different.
They breathe
different atmospheres.
Some, the praying mantis
type, breathed methane,
a little bit of methane.
Some had to have
oxygen depressors
when they come to Earth,
because there's too much oxygen.
All of them were biologically
different from us.
Their brains were different.
Their body structures
were different.
In fact, one particular species
was able to feed itself,
as we described once in a
"Cosmic Disclosure" episode.
It didn't require
any outside food.
It produced its own meals.
But one of the things
they had in common,
which really struck me when
I read this, was water.
They all required water.
Here we are, on planet Earth,
with a plethora of water.
They're coming from a
planet millions of light--
millions of miles away,
probably hundreds of thousands
of light years away, and
they still require water.
>> Where might humanity be, if
there was no suppression of ET
contact or technology and UFOs?
>> Well, I think this is exactly
the way that it's supposed
to be.
If we had done it another way,
it would be a different place.
We all have a learning
path that we're on here,
and this is part of
it, this development.
>> Let's think about
where would we be,
if there was nothing like that.
Let's say, back in 1947, when
everything in Socorro, Roswell,
it crashed.
And they just came forward,
and from there on out, we
got to use this technology,
where would we be by now?
>> If no secrets were ever
kept from the American--
or the world, not just the
American people but the world,
wow, that's a great question
to where we would be today.
We would probably be the
most advanced civilization
imaginable, because we
wouldn't have to hide anything
that we obtain from
that craft that crashed
at Corona, New Mexico, in 1947.
We could develop openly that
technology, everything that EBE
1 told us we could utilize.
I know some of the things
that Colonel Corso wrote
about we did get from ETs,
but between 1947 and on,
there were many, many, I can
think of 12 different crash
sites that were visited.
My very good friend, the
late Wendelle Stevens,
was one of the Commanders
of the recovery
team, the DART team, the
Down Aircraft Recovery Team.
He talks about technologies that
were so far advanced that it
was, he said, it
was like us being
ants looking at a
computer and trying
to figure out how it worked.
But if things were open then,
and we were to share that,
we would be the most advanced--
and we would probably
be out visiting the stars now.
>> Yes.
>> Look at just the energy
propulsion units alone that do
not use gas, coal, oil.
The Earth's atmosphere,
imagine since 1947,
we had over-- any free energy
that propel these craft.
What do you think, Tim?
>> Well, if there's one thing
that's good about the way how
it actually went, then that
there were other people that
already processed the trauma and
the fear and the anxiety that
might come along with
such a big topic.
So basically, back in 1947,
and I totally understand
that, those people
who were in charge
of the security for
our country, they
ran into something
unprecedentedly.
I assume that, even if they
got their things together,
they must have been full
of fear in some way,
because how do you
deal with that?
What is it?
What's their agenda?
And now we're here, 70 something
years later or even more.
We know a lot more about the
agendas of different species,
how to understand them, and
we can present something.
And that wasn't
possible in 1947,
when you're just in panic.
>> All right.
It seems that some
extraterrestrials target world
leaders, while others
target individuals.
Are these contacts some of
the same beings, and if so,
like what are their agendas?
>> Wow.
>> That's a deep one, I know.
>> That's a deep question.
>> That's a good one there.
>> What we've seen is that
species that are naturally used
to certain social structures,
they prefer moving inside
of these social structures.
So if you have a species that
has a strong leader principle,
they will tend to communicate
something to a leader.
If you have a species that
is very openly we're all
the same, and it's more about
consciousness, awareness,
they will use a way
of communication
that is more about
awareness and consciousness.
>> Have they ever said anything
to you about what determines
what leader or what individual
they communicate with?
>> No.
>> No?
OK.
Anjali, what do you think
other individuals out there,
why are they being contacted?
>> I think for a
variety of reasons.
I think that we're
all being contacted,
and just who's aware.
>> Receptive.
>> That's right.
Who's receptive?
Who's aware?
Who wants the contact?
I think to a degree, we
all have conscious contact
on a daily basis.
>> Absolutely.
Right.
>> And it's more of
an awareness thing.
Of course, they like to
have people in position.
Why wouldn't they?
>> Is that a control
thing though?
>> No.
I think it's more of a job that
needs to be done and gathering
information for
future knowledge,
to take knowledge in that
they don't always know.
>> Right.
>> There are times when
I'll ask them questions,
and they'll say that
they don't know.
And I'll ask them to go
find, out and they do.
And they'll come
back and tell me.
>> Ah, beautiful.
>> So there's a mechanism
that's happening that we really
can't fully understand, and
they want us to know that.
But they want us to seek
for that understanding,
seek after it constantly.
>> Now, in an infinite universe
with countless species,
where is like humanity in
the galactic power structure?
>> Well, that would be really
a philosophical question
to answer, considering.
>> Because there's unlimited
species, let's say.
So where do we fit in that?
How does humanity get into
this galactic power structure?
>> I think we're low
on the food chain,
because our civilization,
our intelligent civilization,
is only started some 2,000
years ago, intelligent.
So if these planets have
developed life prior to us,
and we know some have probably
been around for 1,000, 10,000,
100,000, maybe even a million
years more advanced than us,
I would say we're
probably pretty
low on the intelligent species
chart within the galactic--
>> There's a lot of
room for improvement,
and I know Tim biting
at the tongue here.
Because I know you've got
a great answer for this,
because I see it as we're on
that trajectory to the top.
>> Well, I would answer that
question systematically.
What do we have?
We have an ape race, an
ape race that typically
has an alpha leader,
which makes it
a pyramidal structured society.
It is a society that still has
a lot of unsolved problems,
and it's a warrior species.
These are some deterrents
that you have to deal with,
and that puts humanity
already somewhere
in the universe,
where humanity has
to deal with similar species.
So there are other species that
are, they don't have concept
of invasion of war, of
competition, or something,
but as they live in a
reality where this is not--
no possibility anymore,
humanity is not part of it
because humanity
is not there yet.
So basically, it puts
humanity in a similar way
to species that are
similar structured,
and that's what all
ET's attest and say
is that humanity has one of the
highest evolutionary potential.
Surface humans on Earth
have one of the highest
evolutionary potential
there is in the galaxy.
Which means they can
develop, and they
can be a species
that still remains
a warrior-type species
but becomes so integrated
and has such a high moral or
ethical standpoint that they
become kind of some
holy knight figure
for other species that
do not want to care
but are relying on the help
of people from this planet.
>> Anjali, what do
you think about this?
Because you think
we'll be able to get
to a non-war,
peaceful civilization
to be part of this
galactic power structure?
>> I'm not sure.
We've been through
many, many cycles here.
>> Right.
>> They say that there
are many civilizations,
where we have human body--
or human civilizations
that exist.
And that these bodies are
used for the same thing
everywhere they go,
that they're used
for consciousness development.
That they're the--
like a perfect vessel
for sensory experience
learning, and that we
don't have an evolved
human form that's thousands
and thousands of years old.
We just don't have
that, but they say
that that's not what we're for.
That these vessels are not
who we are, and that we're
just taking a ride in them
to have this experience.
>> Now, some people believe
that our soul is also living
in multi-dimensional
places, on other planets,
as extraterrestrials.
As a parting question, what
do you think about that?
>> I have never experienced
me somewhere else,
like on another planet.
I have had experiences where
I feel like I have somehow
moved into like an
alternate timeline,
where there will be just subtle
changes that have occurred.
And I don't have any kind
of explanation for that.
I think a lot of
people have experienced
those sort of things,
like even the death
of a well-known public
figure, and then
suddenly, a couple
of years later,
this public figure is alive
and is still alive today.
I've experienced
things like that.
I don't know how
to explain that.
There's a lot that I don't know.
I can only tell you
what I have experienced
and what they tell me.
>> Thank you.
>> Well, I want to thank
everyone for coming today.
It's been quite an amazing day.
So thank you so much.
>> Thank you.
I'm Emery Smith, and this
is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>> Next on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> We talked about is like
the possibility to have a lot
of MPCs right now, which
is AI not aware of itself.
>> They look at things, and
just because it's messed up,
they go, well, it's not logical
to extinct something simply
because this dysfunctional.
And I'm sitting
there going, oh boy,
who are they talking about?
Us?
They're capable
of defining things
better than we can already.
[MUSIC PLAYING]